PR for SRVKE-1520: Document "Configuring TLS encryption in Eventing" section in serverless docs (#81211)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-tls-ensuring-seamless-ca-rotation-eventing.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * /serverless/Eventing/serverless-config-tls-encryption-eventing.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="serverless-tls-ensuring-seamless-ca-rotation-eventing_{context}"]
= Ensuring seamless CA rotation

> Ensuring seamless CA rotation is essential to avoid service downtime or handle emergencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensuring seamless CA rotation is essential to avoid service downtime or to handle emergencies.
```

.Prerequisites

* You have cluster administrator permissions on {ocp-product-title}, or you have cluster or dedicated administrator permissions on {rosa-product-title} or {dedicated-product-title}.
* You have installed the {ServerlessOperatorName}.
* You have installed the {cert-manager-operator}.
* You have installed the OpenShift (`oc`) CLI.

.Procedure

> . Create a new CA certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a CA certificate.
```
"Create a new" can be shortened to simply "Create", because when you create something, by definition, it is new.

. Add the public key of the new CA certificate to the CA trust bundles. 
+

> Make sure you also keep the public key of the existing CA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that you also keep the public key of the existing CA.
```

. Ensure all clients use the latest CA trust bundles.
+

> Knative Eventing components will automatically reload the updated CA trust bundles. For custom workloads consuming trust bundles, reload or restart them as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Knative Eventing components automatically reload the updated CA trust bundles. For custom workloads that consume trust bundles, reload or restart them as needed.
```

> . Update the `knative-eventing-ca-issuer` `ClusterIssuer` to reference the secret containing the CA certificate created in step 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Update the `knative-eventing-ca-issuer` `ClusterIssuer` to reference the secret containing the CA certificate that you created in step 1.
```

. Force `cert-manager` to renew certificates in the `knative-eventing namespace`.
+
For more information about `cert-manager`, see link:https://cert-manager.io/docs/usage/certificate/#reissuance-triggered-by-user-actions[Reissuance triggered by user actions].

> . As soon as the CA rotation is fully completed, remove the public key of the old CA from the trust bundle `ConfigMap`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. As soon as the CA rotation is fully completed, remove the public key of the old CA from the trust bundle config map.
```
Use the `ConfigMap` spelling only if you are referring to the actual `ConfigMap` object. For general references to config maps, use the spelling of "config map".
